# Image-Steganography-with-Visual-Cryptography-
Abstract
Digital media content is often distributed in compressed and encrypted format and watermarking of these media for copyright violation detection, proof of ownership or distributorship, media authentication, sometimes need to be carried out in compressedencrypted domain. Steganography is the art of hiding information and an effort to conceal the existence of the embedded information. It serves as a better way of securing message than cryptography which only conceals the content of the message not the existence of the message. Original message is being hidden within a carrier such that the changes so occurred in the carrier are not observable. ‘Image Steganography with Visual Cryptography’ deals with how digital images can be used as a carrier to hide messages. Using secret sharing concepts, the encryption procedure encrypts a secret image into the shares (printed on transparencies) which are noise-like secure images which can be transmitted or distributed over an untrusted communication channel.  In this project a robust watermarking algorithm is used to watermark JPEG compressed and encrypted images. The Encryption algorithm (stream cipher) embeds watermark in the compressed-encrypted domain. The encryption scheme will be secure and will allow watermarking in a predictable manner in the compressed-encrypted domain. The extraction of watermark can be done in the decrypted domain. This software application is done with C# and MySQL. 
